Who looks good on you?
Tang Huan, why are you here?
I rent this house. Of course I'm here
You did rent this house
Why don't you just leave it here and talk to you?
Repay, do something, I advise you to be the harshest condition
The more you talk, the more interested I am.
Hey girl, I'll transfer you 100,000 dollars
This is a ten-year gambler
What if it's not enough?
We will slowly transfer you to Mr. Zhang
I know yours.
Mr. Zhang, you will never be able to afford it
I bah
The person behind you
I tell you it's best not to mess with our Zhao family
Otherwise you know the consequences
Tell him which one to apologize for
The entire provincial capital can still use a few tricks
They're not here today.
I'm in a good mood.
I don't care about you
If you still don't know
Be careful I let you walk around
We'll see.
Girl, I can't believe your background is quite hard
Here's 100,000 dollar, take a look first
No need for such a brother
You saved me and you saved my grandfather
Thank you for coming back with me
Then why?
It's nothing.
Come on. Come home with me.
Grandpa has long wanted you to sit down
If only he knew I saw you today
Haven't brought you back yet
Do you want me to be scolded?